and Michael watching you
it's been an unbelievable experience
we've all had a bunch of fun this has
been one of the best experiences of my
life
I introduced you to Barbara hello we
don't have any fun on the set no one
jokes are on at all - no fun set I'm
kind of hanging out and like I just
enjoy talking to people I kind of use it
as a chance to get to know the people
around me when I'm not working but
they're still doing scenes I'm always
there on set and they're always pooping
off teaching each other feeding off each
others energy learning from each other
and funniest thing about watching these
kids is like even if the cameras aren't
rolling they're still dancing they can't
stop themselves right nobody
killing time than dancing you give us
headphones how we hang out we hang out
do dentists always just desire to have
that new trick you know the different
genres of dances we'll hang out and
they'll freestyle and everyone's showing
each other choreography oh this is what
I did Oh check out this video
I'm dancer or start and two others will
come along and then three and then next
thing you know we got this big circle
and everybody's just staring out with
cell phones it's definitely a privilege
for me to work with these dancers and we
try to spend as much time together on
cameras with you off camera and in
rehearsal and out of rehearsal and I
genuinely have a group there's not one
person who doesn't want to be here and
it's just like everyone who's so
invested and cares so much about
everyone else these amazing dancers who
we've all respected each other from a
distance over the past few years getting
to be in one room together for the past
three months and share our crafts it's
been surreal so what a flava there's a
lot of energy you get to see that as a
choreography we took it to something
extraordinary
we've got something I think you got
something in store for you guys that
you're really gonna love
you